TELCODOCS-1861: Add 4.17 RN for IBU/LCA Enhancements (#82317)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-edge-computing_{context}"]
=== Edge computing

[id="ocp-4-17-image-based-upgrade-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Image-based upgrade enhancements

With this release, the image-based upgrade introduces the following enhancements:

> * Simplifies the upgrade process on the hub by using the `ImageBasedGroupUpgrade` API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplifies the upgrade process for large number of managed clusters by adding the `ImageBasedGroupUpgrade` API on the hub
```

* Adds cluster labels for action completion when using the `ImageBasedGroupUpgrade` API through {cgu-operator}
* Improves validation of the generated seed image
* Automatically cleans up the container storage disk if usage reaches a certain threshold

> * Populates the new `status.history` field in the `ImageBasedUpgrade` CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds comprehensive event history in the new `status.history` field of the `ImageBasedUpgrade` CR
```

For more information, see xref:../edge_computing/ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites.adoc#ztp-configuring-host-firmware-with-gitops-ztp_ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites[Managing host firmware settings with {ztp}].

[id="ocp-4-17-image-based-upgrade-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Image-based upgrade enhancements

With this release, the image-based upgrade introduces the following enhancements:

* Simplifies the upgrade process for a large group of managed clusters by adding the `ImageBasedGroupUpgrade` API on the hub
* Labels the managed clusters for action completion when using the `ImageBasedGroupUpgrade` API
* Improves seed cluster validation before the seed image generation
* Automatically cleans up the container storage disk if usage reaches a certain threshold on the managed clusters

> * Adds comprehensive event history in the new `status.history` field of the `ImageBasedUpgrade` CR

Reviewer 2: Won't hold up the merge over this but this should say "custom resource" since it's the first mention of the term in this section:
```suggestion
* Adds comprehensive event history in the new `status.history` field of the `ImageBasedUpgrade` custom resource
```
